== Contributing

I value any contribution to minitest-bonus-assertions you can provide: a bug
report, a feature request, or code contributions.

As minitest-bonus-assertions is a mature codebase, there are a few guidelines:

* Changes *will* *not* be accepted without tests. The test suite is written
  with {Minitest}[https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest] (of course).
* Match my coding style.
* Use a thoughtfully-named topic branch that contains your change. Rebase your
  commits into logical chunks as necessary.
* Use {quality commit messages}[http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html].
* Do not change the version number; when your patch is accepted and a release
  is made, the version will be updated at that point.
* Submit a GitHub pull request with your changes.
* New behaviours require new or updated documentation.

=== Test Dependencies

minitest-bonus-assertions uses Ryan Davis’s
{Hoe}[https://github.com/seattlerb/hoe] to manage the release process, and it
adds a number of rake tasks. You will mostly be interested in:

    $ rake

which runs the tests the same way that:

    $ rake test
    $ rake travis

will do.

To assist with the installation of the development dependencies for
minitest-bonus-assertions, I have provided the simplest possible Gemfile
pointing to the (generated) +minitest-bonus-assertions.gemspec+ file. This will
permit you to do:

    $ bundle install

to get the development dependencies. If you aleady have +hoe+ installed, you
can accomplish the same thing with:

    $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs, and
generate the RDoc.

=== Workflow

Here's the most direct way to get your work merged into the project:

* Fork the project.
* Clone down your fork (<tt>git clone git://github.com/halostatue/minitest-bonus-assertions.git</tt>).
* Create a topic branch to contain your change (<tt>git checkout -b my\_awesome\_feature</tt>).
* Hack away, add tests. Not necessarily in that order.
* Make sure everything still passes by running +rake+.
* If necessary, rebase your commits into logical chunks, without errors.
* Push the branch up (<tt>git push origin my\_awesome\_feature</tt>).
* Create a pull request against halostatue/minitest-bonus-assertions and describe
  what your change does and the why you think it should be merged.

=== Contributors

* Austin Ziegler forked minitest-bonus-assertions.
* Ben Somers (@bensomers) created minitest-extra-assertions
* Justin George (@jaggederest) added assert_between.
